> Characters: [[Dev]], [[Player]]
> Items: 
> Locations: Dev's bedroom, [[Starting Chunk]]

## Starting Cutscene
Dev walks into his room and yawned, "hmm, so bored." He opened his computer and asked an LLM for something to do. Of all the things listed, a particular one caught his eye - make a game! (maybe hide some memes in the other ones) "Interesting," he said as he touches his chin. <mark class="hltr-purple">Camera dolly out, black out</mark> 

<mark class="hltr-purple">Player perspective</mark> "Wake up! Wake up. <mark class="hltr-purple">screen gradually lights up but still blurry</mark> Where did you come from" said the dev. Player holds his head, "Uh, my head. Where am I?" Player's confused and dizzy. Player looks at his hand "AH! My hands, what happened? and ... <mark class="hltr-blue">Player scans the starting house</mark> ... and who are you!" "Calm down, have some water." Dev spawns a cut of water on the table. "My name's Dev. Could you tell me how you got into my game?" "Your game? what game?" "Oh, this is just a random game I'm making. umm, so can you recall anything?" "No, not even my name. This feels terrible." <mark class="hltr-blue">sad tone</mark> "Don't worry, I can get you out." "Really, how?" "I'll simply kick you out" "wait, wait, do you know what you're doing? Don't do silly stuff." <mark class="hltr-blue">said at the same time</mark> "umm, ‘execute kick’, <mark class="hltr-yellow">Failure Alarm Sound</mark> … doesn't seem to work, weird." Player got hurt severely. "Are you alright?" "Oh man, I told you not to do it." "Yeah, sorry. I'll heal you now" Heals the player. <mark class="hltr-yellow">short silence</mark> "So, since staying here doing nothing is a waste of time. Why don't you help me with my development? Maybe you'll get out once the game is finished." "Sure. There isn't really anything else to do." "Umm, Mr. Player? Is that name fine?" "Whatever." "Ok. Do you see the axe hanging on that wall? You can get it and try to chop some wood outside the house, and I'll go code some more content!" <mark class="hltr-purple">Black out</mark>
